Li Zeyan, we meet again
recently
Li Zeyan, the son of the richest man in the building, defeated his cousin Li Yuan
To become heir apparent by unanimous vote
Officially take charge of the Great Xia Jewelry Empire
Li Zeyan, son of the richest man in the building
Will be my sharpest weapon for revenge
Mr. Li
Thank you just now.
My clothes are all dirty by me Yaoyao
Brother Zeyan
My sister invited you to be my date at her wedding today
I didn't expect you to come
I'm so happy.
In a previous life
Su Sitian not only hooked up with He Feiyu behind my back
Still pursuing the richest man, Li Zeyan, don't get me wrong
I was just passing by.
Ah, dear.
My clothes are dirty
Mr. Li
Can you take me to clean it up?
Sister, as a bride, you are still here to hook up with other men
You have the nerve to say me
Yes, Yaoyao
I don't care about what happened before, can you give me another chance?
Can you two play as little as you two have money?
I beg you
Can you leave me beautiful alone?
hand
Let go of me!
You keep arguing
Wait for me upstairs
How do I do that?
He can be on my side
Hi hi
Brother Zeyan
I am the eldest daughter of the Su family
As long as you are willing to cooperate with me
I can give you the Imperial Star
You must promise me a condition
What!